the right way to use segmentation how
well do you know your audience if you're
treating every single lead that comes
your way the same
you could be totally sabotaging your
marketing strategy
so what do you do you need to use
segmentation segmentation makes
businesses 60 more likely to understand
their customers challenges and 130 more
likely to know their intentions simply
put if you know what your audience is
struggling with and what they want you
could Market to them in a way more
effective way
don't create a one-size-fits-all
targeting or even retargeting strategy
you need to leverage the information you
have about your users how they
interacted with your brand and what
they've actually stand to gain from
further engaging with you here are some
ways you can segment your audience the
right way
tip number one become a Storyteller
think of all your messaging as something
in a sequence not a single interaction
create ads that follow each other in a
linear fashion and create alternative
Pathways depending on a user's response
I'll create a generic email and then
split that up into two follow-ups
depending on how that user interacted
with the first email they've already
done the segmenting work for me tip two
build better buyer personas according to
HubSpot using effective marketing
personas made websites two to five times
more effective so why not if you just
Google marketing personas or user
personas you can end up getting a lot
for free there's so many templates out
there tip three leverage social media
tools Facebook allows businesses to
Target and message based on user info
such as likes demographics interests and
even location LinkedIn allows
advertisers to filter and segment by
industry company size and even more and
when you segment and you do this what
you'll find is you'll get a higher Roi
from your marketing and you'll appeal to
the right people so you won't waste your
sales people's time their customer
service people's times and things just
work out much better for you in the long
run from a cost and Roi perspective
to four improve your cross-channel
presence want to reach younger audiences
43 of tech talks Global audience is
between 18 and 24. we want to reach an
older demo 27.5 Instagram users were
between 25 and 34.
look segmenting is the way to go and
what you'll find is when you segment
you're going to be like Neil this takes
a lot of time to create customized copy
for each of these segments don't Focus
too much on the copy focus more so on
what do you show people depending on the
journey that they're taking and people
segment themselves people segment by
being a buyer or a non-buyer or opening
up a email or not opening up email or
clicking a link or not clicking a link
if you catch my drift based on people's
actions you can then segment them it is
not that hard but it takes a little bit
of work to set these up and whatever
marking automation tool you're using or
advertising platforms you're using what
other CMS you're using most of them have
features that allow you to easily
segment now if you need help with your
segmentation with your digital marketing
check out my Ad Agency NP digital where
we just do this for our customers if you
have any questions leave a comment below
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you very much